enforce v20 in examples (#3036)
python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot: examples/README.md

# Examples

> ## The examples in the directory are subject to changes and may not work on the PTB version that you are using. You can find the examples compatible with a specific ptb version at https://github.com/python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot/tree/vX.Y/examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ⚠️ The examples in this directory are subject to changes and may not work on the PTB version that you are using. You can find the examples compatible with a specific version at https://github.com/python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot/tree/v<X.Y>/examples.
```

to emphsisze that you have to insert something …
